# Course project of 18Sp-EEL6591-Wireless-Networks
## A Study of Mobility Management of D2D Communication* (based on paper by Barua, Shouman, and Robin Braun. 2017) 
This project was done colaborated with Xiao Wang and Miaoqi Zhang.
It's about a evaluation of mobility decision algorithm.
We used MATLAB platform.

Main reference:

[Barua, Shouman, and Robin Braun. “Mobility Management of D2D Communication for the 5G Cellular Network System: A Study and Result.” 2017 17th International Symposium on Communications and Information Technologies (ISCIT), 2017, doi:10.1109/iscit.2017.8261187.](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8261187/)

[Jaheon GU, Sueng Jae BAE, Syed Faraz HASAN and Min Young CHUNG. “A Combined Power Control and Resource Allocation Scheme for D2D Communication Underlaying an LTE-Advanced System.” IEICE TRANSACTIONS on Communications, Vol.E96-B No.10 pp.2683-2692.](https://search.ieice.org/bin/summary.php?id=e96-b_10_2683)

More details could be found in [final report]()

How to run the code:
1. "read-ns2-path.py" is a ns2 mobility file (generated by "setdest") reader, it read the files and extract the location only.
2. "readfile.m" read the location matrix and plot the path. After that, it calculate the distances.
3. "totallossline" calculate the losses, will be used to make decision.
4. "runalgorithm.m" gives the percentage of D2D mode.
5. "runalgorithm2.m" gives difference percentage when changing thresholds.
6. "totallossline.m" gives the changing of total loss along with the distance between D2D pair.

The step 2 and step 3 should be run first in order to get values in MATLAB workspace.
